Add transcript for episode 37 (#362)
haskellfoundation/haskellfoundation.github.io: podcast/37/transcript.markdown

> *JB (0:18:38)*: Are you now running into problems where previously you could change the AST easily, and because if you have the types in the refactoring and *(0:18:46 unintelligible)* Haskell, you just change everything and it works again, and now you have to worry about all these untied Lua filters out there that you maybe don’t want to break anymore? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*JB (0:18:38)*: Are you now running into problems where previously you could change the AST easily, and because if you have the types in the refactoring and it’s great in  Haskell, you just change everything and it works again, and now you have to worry about all these untied Lua filters out there that you maybe don’t want to break anymore? 
```

*DTC (0:19:44)*: Yeah. So, 16 years of Haskell, that’s I think almost half the time that Haskell’s been around at all. What’s gotten better and what’s gotten worse?

*JM (0:19:53)*: Well, certainly, Hackage and cabal-install and things like that, that’s been great. It has gotten better. That’s been a huge improvement, although it’s also allowed me to make Pandoc depend on a huge kitchen sink of other things, which it didn’t before. But that’s been very good. It’s worked quite reliably for me, I think. The addition of the text library has been good. Certainly, that was needed. That’s a long time ago now. 

What else has been good? I don’t really use too many of the fancy IDE features. I mean, I guess I use the Haskell language server, but I don’t really care about it that much. I mean, if it doesn’t start up on my editor, I don’t really miss it that much. Usually, I don’t use that extensively. So, that’s not really an issue. But the package ecosystem has been good, and I think it works quite reliably now. There was a period where we had cabal hell, but I think we’re well beyond that now. 

> *DTC (0:20:53)*: Oh yeah, years and years. I don’t know if well beyond hell sounds good or bad. I guess it depends on the direction and whether the *(0:21:03 unintelligible)* the hell or not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*DTC (0:20:53)*: Oh yeah, years and years. I don’t know if well beyond hell sounds good or bad. I guess it depends on the direction and whether it’s circular, the hell, or not.
```
